I added the code to successfully dispatch an action upon logging in,
now I want to make sure that our second button, this one switch to login, that it does something, something
else than just throwing this alert. In the end the goal is to have a toggle button here,
if we are in sign up mode which we are by default here, I want to go to login mode and the other way
around.
So for this, one thing is that we only want to render the confirm password button, so only render this
view here essentially if we are in sign up mode, so what I'll do is scroll all the way up to our state
and I'll add a new state here which I'll name auth mode and by default let's say that this is actually login
and not sign up.
So this is our default auth mode, we now need a handler that is fired whenever we click this switch button,
so I'll add it here, switch auth mode
handler would be a name that makes sense
and in there, we create a simple toggle function, we call this set state and I will use the function for
more of it because I will need to find out what the previous state was
and in here, I'll return my javascript object where I'll set auth mode equal to and now we use the previous
state and see what the previous auth mode was
and if it was login, then I want to switch auth mode to sign up
otherwise it seems we are in sign up mode,
I want to go back to login then.
With that, we can go down and also hook up our button,
so if we scroll down to our button here which should be used for this, I will no longer trigger this alert,
I will instead bind this to this switch auth mode handler.
Now of course it shouldn't say switch to login if we are in login mode,
so here I'll instead output something dynamic, I'll check this state auth mode,
if it's equal to login, then here I will output sign up because we want to switch into sign up mode
then otherwise we'll say login. And we also have to change something else
but first of all let's see if this works and this works fine.
Now of course switching that button is one thing,
I also want to make sure that we change our controls appropriately and there, it might look like we only
need to wrap the confirm control here,
it's one part but it's not all
so what I will do is I will actually add a new checkup here, I'll add a new variable confirm password
control and set it to null and then I'll add
an if check here, if this state auth mode is equal to sign up, then confirm password control should actually
actually be equal to that view
that wraps it
right,
so here we got this view which wraps confirm password control,
this is what I'll assign as a value to this variable then.
So this is confirm password control,
this should now be used here at the bottom where we previously had our confirm password control, so right
after this view here,
so that now if we save everything and we go back, we only see two inputs
but if I switch we see three
and now two
and now we can switch.
However there is one more thing which might not be as easy to see, what if we rotate? We got a responsive
design but here if I switch, this looks a bit strange, it would be better if this takes the full width
if we are in sign up mode and landscape.
So if we go back, we got our styling here for our password container and then for the password wrapper
and we actually need to change this, not only depending on the view mode but also depending on whether
we are in sign up mode or in login mode.
Now you can solve this with a relatively long ternary expression,
you can nest another ternary expression in this case here
so that you check if this really should be applied,
so here you could check if this state auth mode is equal to sign up because only then you want
to attach the landscape container, otherwise it would be the portrait one
but I'm not a fan of these super long ternary expressions,
so what you can also do is you can take advantage of the fact that we only got login or sign up,
you can go to this main condition here and there, we are checking if we're in portrait mode.
That's one criteria but we could also check here are we in portrait mode
or is this state auth mode
login because if it's login, then we don't care about whether we are in portrait mode or not, we'll
always use the portrait container.
So this is what we can use, this is what I'll copy and what I'll add to my wrapper here too.
Now if we save this and we reload,
this looks good,
if I switch to sign up, then it split up so we automatically get the right look then
and it's fully responsive again
but now we got this switch button to work correctly. Now with the working switch button,
we also have to revisit our check for submitting this though,
here the submit button,
we disable it if either confirm password, email or password is invalid.
Now if we're in login mode, confirm password is always invalid because we never get a chance of setting
it to valid because we don't use it,
so this here is only relevant if we actually start in or if we are in the sign up mode.
So therefore here, we should fine tune this and say this whole button should be disabled
if email or password is invalid or if this is invalid but only if we also have this state auth mode equal
to sign up because otherwise this doesn't count.
So with that if we reload, if we are in login mode and we enter something valid, this gets enabled,
if we switch to sign up though, we need all three.
So that is an improvement
we definitely have to add.